Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is applied when a machine mimics "cognitive" functions that humans associate with other human minds, such as "learning" and "problem solving". Neural networks can be applied to the problem of intelligent control (for robotics) or learning, using such techniques as Hebbian learning ("fire together, wire together"), GMDH or competitive learning. Deep learning has transformed many important subfields of artificial intelligence, including computer vision, speech recognition, natural language processing and others. Borrowing from the management literature, Kaplan and Haenlein classify artificial intelligence into three different types of AI systems: analytical, human-inspired, and humanized artificial intelligence. IBM has created its own artificial intelligence computer, the IBM Watson, which has beaten human intelligence (at some levels). Musk also funds companies developing artificial intelligence such as Google DeepMind and Vicarious to "just keep an eye on what\'s going on with artificial intelligence. Many of the problems in this article may also require general intelligence, if machines are to solve the problems as well as people do. "robotics" or "machine learning"), the use of particular tools ("logic" or artificial neural networks), or deep philosophical differences. A superintelligence, hyperintelligence, or superhuman intelligence is a hypothetical agent that would possess intelligence far surpassing that of the brightest and most gifted human mind. Turing proposed that "if a human could not distinguish between responses from a machine and a human, the machine could be considered "intelligent". The traditional problems (or goals) of AI research include reasoning, knowledge representation, planning, learning, natural language processing, perception and the ability to move and manipulate objects. Many tools are used in AI, including versions of search and mathematical optimization, artificial neural networks, and methods based on statistics, probability and economics. When access to digital computers became possible in the middle 1950s, AI research began to explore the possibility that human intelligence could be reduced to symbol manipulation. The overall research goal of artificial intelligence is to create technology that allows computers and machines to function in an intelligent manner. Faster computers, algorithmic improvements, and access to large amounts of data enabled advances in machine learning and perception; data-hungry deep learning methods started to dominate accuracy benchmarks around 2012.